README.md, before:

# A/B Day for Baltimore County Public Schools
A/B Day is an [iOS and watchOS application](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/b-day-for-baltimore-county/id928756760) and [website](https://cameronbernhardt.com/projects/ab-day/) designed to help students, parents, and teachers keep track of the A/B block schedule for Baltimore County Public Schools. It allows you to input any day in the future or past (as far back as the A/B system has existed) and find out whether it was or will be an A or B day.

You can also receive notifications each morning informing you of what type of day that day will be; it will also inform you of delays or closings if applicable.

Notifications are sent from [a server](Push/Push.py) written in Python that maintains a constantly-updated copy of the A/B schedule, and the server pulls from BCPS's website each morning to check for closings and delays. In the event of a closing or delay, the app will automatically send a notification and update the stored schedule to reflect these changes, which can be viewed from the app.

Lastly, there is [a common endpoint](https://cameronbernhardt.com/projects/ab-day/dates.json) used for all of these clients that can be queried for the latest date information if you'd like to make something yourself that uses this data.

Commit message:

Now posts to Twitter alongside push notifs

README.md, after:

# A/B Day for Baltimore County Public Schools
A/B Day is an [iOS and watchOS application](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/b-day-for-baltimore-county/id928756760) and [website](https://cameronbernhardt.com/projects/ab-day/) designed to help students, parents, and teachers keep track of the A/B block schedule for Baltimore County Public Schools. It allows you to input any day in the future or past (as far back as the A/B system has existed) and find out whether it was or will be an A or B day.

You can receive notifications each morning informing you of what type of day that day will be; it will also inform you of delays or closings if applicable. This information is also tweeted from the [@abdaybot](https://twitter.com/abdaybot) account on Twitter, if that's more your style.

Notifications are sent from [a server](Push/Push.py) written in Python that maintains a constantly-updated copy of the A/B schedule, and the server pulls from BCPS's website each morning to check for closings and delays. In the event of a closing or delay, the app will automatically send a notification and update the stored schedule to reflect these changes, which can be viewed from the app.

Lastly, there is [a common endpoint](https://cameronbernhardt.com/projects/ab-day/dates.json) used for all of these clients that can be queried for the latest date information if you'd like to make something yourself that uses this data.
